it's Grimm's Toy Show transformers
insider action review i am your host
Ebenezer middles do off ah damn it I
don't know if I'm up for this today I'm
going to review transformers generations
blaster and while he looks cool in the
box and I know he's a remould of the
sound wave I just don't know about this
I've been so disappointed with
transformers lately I'm even questioning
why even bought this guy is he going to
be a hunk of or not your thoughts
well let's take a look at his side of
the box on the back of the box
I mean he looks cool he looks cool i'm
really hoping that he is cool i'm just
very worried that I'm gonna be very
disappear are they really gonna make
these guys I want them that might be
cool maybe I do like you let's open you
up and find out oh yeah look you're dumb
idiot ebenezer they're right on the
bottom of the box eject and ram horn
badass autobot rewind and sunder of
course son does a repaint of Laserbeak
bunch of I think it doesn't
even exist alright so now we got blast
out of the box here and he looks pretty
badass actually I am happy with this toy
he's well done he's got a lot of color
he's got a lot of detail and I'm really
digging it we zoom in right here will
say this is his face now this little
turd wagon on the other hand I'm not
super impressed with he won't even stay
down into a cat mode or whatever the
hell he's supposed to be and then you
gotta fold them up somehow and make him
a yellow hockey puck he's a hungry
go yourself steeljaw look he looks
like one of those Mayan friggin ruined
temple coins or something I guess what
I'm gonna shove them right in a little
oven here yeah get in a dirty
yeah we're gonna shove them right in
here this is where he goes look now that
son-of-a-bitchin thing is unfolding
uh-huh could I be any more furious just
get in there you stupid
get this is the on the
back of the bot you can see is all kinds
of kibble and stuff he's got wheels on
his ankles inning an inning in it we're
going to transform them okay and now
I've transformed him into the rolling
battle box of from Thunderdome now
see he's actually very easy to transform
his head's right under this little thing
these are his arms they fold into this
side and where his hands where they fold
it right up to there right those wheels
out around his back fold around the
front and then these are his legs you
just fold them up tuck I'm under in
there I look apparently some little
asshole supposed to sit in the seat up
top and man the g1 like gun yeah right
like that's gonna happen like we have
any figures to do that see these are his
legs here those are his feet right there
tucked in this was the kibble on the
side of his legs and that's it looks
like underneath and by the back so she
ain't gonna get better lock some
and that's blaster I guess he's not that
bad I'll give him three out of five
asses up thank you for watching little
grim ease don't forget to check out
crimps Toy Show calm and please like
this video leave a comment and subscribe
FOA FOA